README.md, before:

# VCI-transformation
Scripts for transforming VCI JSON-LD into DMWG Interpretation JSON-LD

This project consists of 

1) A series of python classes representing classes in the DMWG interpretation data model
2) A script for dynamically generating these python classes 
3) Static components for handling serialization
4) A script for converting VCI JSON files into DMWG JSON files using the  classes above.
5) Unit tests

In order to use VCI2DMWG you must first install the python library "requests". This can be done with
```pip install requests```
or 
```pip install -r requirements.txt```

To convert a VCI json file (input.json) into a DMWG JSON file (output.json) use the script VCI2DMG.py:
```python VCI2DMWG.py input.json output.json```

Sample input and output files are found in the `test_data` directory.

To generate the classes, run
```python generate_interpretation_library.py <flattened>```
where <flattened> is the directory containing the flattened data model.  

This will create several files:
  * interpretation_generated.py: Python classes with getters and setters for properties
  * coding_generated.py: Python classes generated for Coding and CodeableConcept
  * interpretation_constants.py: property and other names
  * ValueSets/*: JSON files containing the defined value sets

In addition there are several static files:
  * node.py: base class for the generated python classes
  * interpretation_extras.py: Some utility functions for creating DMWG style interpretations and serializing them
  * CodingFactory: decorators to handle codings and codeable concepts.



The tests are to be run using `pytest`.

Commit message:

Updated README to mention the clingen_interpretation library

README.md, after:

# VCI-transformation
Scripts for transforming VCI JSON-LD into DMWG Interpretation JSON-LD

This project consists of 

1) A series of python classes representing classes in the DMWG interpretation data model
2) A script for dynamically generating these python classes 
3) Static components for handling serialization
4) A script for converting VCI JSON files into DMWG JSON files using the  classes above.
5) Unit tests

VCI2DMWG has a dependency on the clingen_interpretation library, which is used to serialize DMWG-style
JSON files.  The github repository can be found [here](https://github.com/clingen-data-model/interpretation_json).
Follow the instructions on that page to install the library.

To convert a VCI json file (input.json) into a DMWG JSON file (output.json) use the script VCI2DMG.py:
```python VCI2DMWG.py input.json output.json```

Sample input and output files are found in the `test_data` directory.

To generate the classes, run
```python generate_interpretation_library.py <flattened>```
where <flattened> is the directory containing the flattened data model.  

This will create several files:
  * interpretation_generated.py: Python classes with getters and setters for properties
  * coding_generated.py: Python classes generated for Coding and CodeableConcept
  * interpretation_constants.py: property and other names
  * ValueSets/*: JSON files containing the defined value sets

In addition there are several static files:
  * node.py: base class for the generated python classes
  * interpretation_extras.py: Some utility functions for creating DMWG style interpretations and serializing them
  * CodingFactory: decorators to handle codings and codeable concepts.



The tests are to be run using `pytest`.
